>> Speaker 1: You say when we're passing a
function or passing a function definition,
is that also just like
a function reference?
Because you can't change it and
it's already in memory?
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, so
I was deciding whether or
not to include my little bonus piece.
Let's just keep it as simple as this.
This array here in global
is saved in global.
It is then parsed in as a link back
to where it was saved in global.
Now I was saving global without a label.
It was just there in global, but
we actually parse in a link to it.
We are not copying it in.
We're parsing, yes, a reference to where
it was initially saved in global memory.
If you remember our earlier version where
we passed in my array, we saved that 1,
2, 3 array in global, and
then we just passed a link back to it.
And that's why we don't want to
change inside of copy array and
manipulate the data we pass in because
that would be changing the global data,
which is hard to predict what's
then gonna happen without function.
They call it a side effect.
But instead, here, we create a brand new
array, and take each individual element,
stick it in that new array.
And our input array stays unmutated,
stays unchanged.
Nice, by Dan, yeah, go ahead, Dan.
>> Dan: But the function,
can you call it a function reference, or
is it a function definite-
>> Will Sentance: I see,
yeah, we're again, same thing here.
With our function, again,
it's a link back to the original
saved multiplyBy2 function.
So any function, array, or
object, when it's saved,
if we ever use it anywhere else and
link to it, we're actually referring
back to its original saved version.
Very nice from Dan, excellent.
Peter?
>> Peter: Kind of a behind the scenes
thing, when the for loop is running, does
it kind of get its own execution context?
>> Will Sentance: No,
it gets its own protected namespace.
That is to say that if we
use let to define the i,
that i is only available inside that block
scope, which is the little curly braces.
But it is not an execution it is
not putting that on the call stack.
It's just another protected space
in memory for those labeled names.
Okay, yeah, yeah, nice question.